This directory contains various texts and corpus files. Please note that these texts are excluded from the Creative Commons licence under which most of the Supplementary Online Material is released. 


TXQP_austen-pride.txt	The text of Jane Austen's novel _Pride and Prejudice_ in the version prepared by Project Gutenberg (original filename: 42671); included here because Project Gutenberg blocks access from some countries. The text is public domain, but take note of the "Project Gutenberg License" at the end of the file.

TXQP_starhunter.txt – The text of Andre Alice Norton's novel _Starhunter_ in the version prepared by Project Gutenberg (original filename: 19090); included here because Project Gutenberg blocks access from some countries. The text is public domain, but take note of the "Project Gutenberg License" at the end of the file.

TXQP_fishpopulations.txt – The text of James Everett Deacon's scientific report _Fish Populations, Following a Drought, In the Neosho and Marais des Cygnes Rivers of Kansas_ in the version prepared by Project Gutenberg (original filename: 34787); included here because Project Gutenberg blocks access from some countries.  The text is public domain, but take note of the "Project Gutenberg License" at the end of the file.

TXQP_labour2001.vrt – The 2001 election manifesto of the British Labour Party, collated from various publicly available sources, tagged and lemmatized with the TreeTagger using the TreeTagger implementation of the PENN tagset, extensively corrected manually. The manifesto contains no copyright notice but the Labour Party is presumed to be the copyright holder. To the extent possible under law, I (Anatol Stefanowitsch) waive all copyright and related or neighboring rights to the lemmatization and tagging of the election manifesto.

TXQP_labour2017.vrt – The 2017 election manifesto of the British Labour Party, collated from various publicly available sources, tagged and lemmatized with the TreeTagger using the TreeTagger implementation of the PENN tagset, extensively corrected manually. The manifesto contains no copyright notice but the Labour Party is presumed to be the copyright holder. To the extent possible under law, I (Anatol Stefanowitsch) waive all copyright and related or neighboring rights to the lemmatization and tagging of the election manifesto.

TXQP_libdem2001.vrt –  The 2001 election manifesto of the British party Liberal Democrats, collated from various publicly available sources, tagged and lemmatized with the TreeTagger using the TreeTagger implementation of the PENN tagset, extensively corrected manually. The text is copyrighted by the Liberal Democrats. To the extent possible under law, I (Anatol Stefanowitsch) waive all copyright and related or neighboring rights to the lemmatization and tagging of the election manifesto.

TXQP_libdem2017.vrt –  The 2017 election manifesto of the British party Liberal Democrats, collated from various publicly available sources, tagged and lemmatized with the TreeTagger using the TreeTagger implementation of the PENN tagset, extensively corrected manually. The text is copyrighted by the Liberal Democrats. To the extent possible under law, I (Anatol Stefanowitsch) waive all copyright and related or neighboring rights to the lemmatization and tagging of the election manifesto.
